Verify artifact signing time against all timestamps (#1381)
sigstore/sigstore-python: CHANGELOG.md

* API: Make Rekor APIs compatible with Rekor v2 by removing trailing slashes
  from endpoints ([#1366](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python/pull/1366))

> * Timestamps: Verify the signature date against the validity period of both the
>   Timestamp Authority or the Transperency Service, if either of such timestamps
>   are present in the Bundle. We still require at lease one of such timestamps.

Reviewer: Let's not call log integration time a timestamp. Also _"validity period of Timestamp Authority"_ does not sound correct -- In the code you modify we're comparing the established times (timestamps or log integration time) to the validity period of the signing certificate.

Maybe:
```suggestion
* Verify: verify that all established times (timestamps or the log integration time)
  are within the signing certificate validity period. At least one established time is
  still required.
```
